The end of the summer.
The sun is setting.
I have a question.
This is the scene of our Maehata and Genengen.
Genengen is still in the air.
The same as our Maehata Castle.
The second course.
The Warlbrun of the Netherlands is out of the way.
The Maehata Castle is slightly behind.
The Warlbrun of the Netherlands is far behind.
The Maehata Castle is in the way.
Our Maehata Castle.
35 meters.
We are in line with Genengen.
The English Storay of the first course.
The English Storay is also out.
We are in line with each player.
We are very worried.
The English Storay.
Our Maehata Castle, which was the first to be destroyed.
We are in the second place.
But our Maehata Castle is continuing with a unique pace.
We are in line with Genengen.
我们必须尽快 opposed to the Spanish's 1990 rolling shield.
Which looks like a Japanese thing.
But we are very unlucky.
And the Dead力 Ursula.
Because of Reone.
Runaway soy sauce water.
The East Sea sea.
Cheese chicken for beer.
warm sake.
We offer gentlemanly wine.
Thank you for your cooperation.
''Right?''
5 meters to go, 2 meters to go, 2 meters to go.
Now, Maehata is going for it.
The Genengeri is going for it.
Maehata is leading.
It's a big match.
I'm worried.
The Genengeri is going for it.
Maehata is leading.
125, 125, 125.
He's leading.
The Genengeri is leading.
The local Goichi is supporting the Genengeri.
Kano is leading.
Genengeri and Maehata are fighting.
Maehata is leading.
150, 150, 150.
He's leading.
Go, Maehata.
2 meters to go.
Maehata is leading.
He's leading.
Go, Maehata.
40 kms to go.
Maehata is leading.
5 meters to go.
Go, Maehata.
25 more to go.
5 meters to go.
Maehata.
That's enough.
5 meters to go.
Go for it!
Maehata leads!
Only 5 meters left!
Go for it!
Maehata wins!
The former title is true!
Maehata wins just this time!
imme tiny penny
en닝